## rain pkg

Package local artifacts into a template

### Synopsis

Performs the same functions as "aws cloudformation package" but with added functionality.

You may use the following, rain-specific directives in templates packaged with "rain pkg":

  !Rain::Embed <path>          Embeds the contents of the file at <path> into the template as a string

  !Rain::Include <path>        Reads the file at <path> as YAML/JSON and inserts the resulting object into the template

  !Rain::Env <name>            Reads the <name> environmental variable and inserts value into the template as a string

  !Rain::S3Http <path>         Uploads <path> (zipping first if it is a directory) to S3
                               and embeds the S3 HTTP URL into the template as a string

  !Rain::S3 <path>             Uploads <path> (zipping first if it is a directory) to S3
                               and embeds the S3 URI into the template as a string

  !Rain::S3 <object>           supply an object with the following properties: 
    Path: <path>               a file or directory to be uploaded to S3
    Zip: true|false            If "true", rain with zip <path> even if it is a file
    BucketProperty: <bucket>   If you supply "BucketProperty" and "KeyProperty", rain pkg will
    KeyProperty: <key>         include the uploaded file/directory's details as an object in the template
                               with the property names you specify.
    Format: Uri|Http           Specify which format rain pkg should return the S3 location as.
                               Do not specify this property if you supply BucketProperty and KeyProperty.
                               The default Format is "Uri".

  !Rain::Module <url>          Supply a URL to a rain module, which is similar to a CloudFormation module, 
                               but allows for type inheritance. One of the resources in the module yaml file 
                               must be called "ModuleExtension", and it must have a Metadata entry called 
                               "Extends" that supplies the existing type to be extended. The Parameters section 
                               of the module can be used to define additional properties for the extension.
                               This is an experimental directive that must be enabled by adding the 
                               --experimental arg on the command line.


```
rain pkg <template>
```

### Options

```
      --debug              Output debugging information
  -x, --experimental       Enable experimental features
  -h, --help               help for pkg
  -o, --output string      Output packaged template to a file
  -p, --profile string     AWS profile name; read from the AWS CLI configuration file
  -r, --region string      AWS region to use
      --s3-bucket string   Name of the S3 bucket that is used to upload assets
      --s3-prefix string   Prefix to add to objects uploaded to S3 bucket
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --no-colour   Disable colour output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [rain](index.md)	 - 

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 13-Jan-2024
